a balance of asthmatic monia now
No
2b
Maya
Hi
hostile bike
afrique blow to place for less
god the special place in my heart
he started that leads and leads and massee
we just have opportunity and defense he
furious raises bind third player ipcon
well he the best playing time in makri je
and chelsea effectively move the mouse over the ai
ai ai is stable is myself in the dutch
national squad winner was the chelsea
and he did something like that on the chelsea
then you go to blow seems middlesbrough
who who was very ambitious
again the steve mcclaren and and to massee
the toe is undressed and middlesbrough
who is effectively the best for the farmer
football club but playing currier
finish in amsta things it totally new
gun and and in all this is the coach
arthur make their decision then you have
to make this decision for yourself how
we are the one two way you want to start
and shake him player's drain you just
when they go into management ate the blanket
and opportunities we enter
some players gettin in the premiership
location in the championship
some players will matter do it
harderwijk
i am looking for waal in england hef
and plight for for a few jobs
he wants icon tell you why did and hey
unity icons are silent on unity
who that will then be that not succeed
in china and am trying to do
something really special leather and and
it's going in the right direction
amai that was no doubt in my
drawing so this is on unity i know
if you look at the history or the blow
by other this is the big history something
in the load and you are the equator inside
in the top league and who you are
trying to chase the hall image on the hit
and get them play
certain way and and and get the de
supporters the total card and build up
troje antwerp ' so hard to play the fuck
know football in corn better football
almost like it's the bring the the the budget
down and defense you blow the one month
or fans we down is so head to bring
them up so is something hardwork
path in lmn joy
to be
want to work with players and want to
read the fans are in east and things are out
there in the colt and and time to make
players better and in trial
players and a like it he a joy that
soak on every morning again
knowing the window in high and how we could
page and my philosophy is working the ball
keeping the ball sms much as possible with
the great movement working the ball for
gets into the ball full of
and i there is some times at the
agriculture that is all out but majority
is only fascinated by the keeper when
the example needed shouter from inc
some times the left to what a more like
it all preferably having a conversation with
witte so you play more
communiqué te den dennis schouten yes
sun times you care to give some body
care
what they do because to do so to finish
the effects were surely
is this is what we don
now with a he the jimmy floyd
hasselbaink as a small
love is and how easy handling barry
ever saw leather leather black